When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
You must do the think you think you cannot do.
Time heals all wounds.
Whenever you make a mistake or get knocked down by life, don’t look back at it too long. Mistakes are life’s way of teaching you. Your capacity for occasional blunders is inseparable from your capacity to reach your goals. No one wins them all, and your failures, when they happen, are just part of your growth. Shake off your blunders. How will you know your limits without an occasional failure? Never quit. Your turn will come.
You must make a decision that you are going to move on. It won’t happen automatically. You will have to rise up and say, ‘I don’t care how hard this is, I don’t care how disappointed I am, I’m not going to let this get the best of me. I’m moving on with my life.
Although no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
Tragedies do happen. We can discover the reason, blame others, imagine how different our lives would be had they not occurred. But none of that is important: they did occur, and so be it. From there onward we must put aside the fear that they awoke in us and begin to rebuild.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Just because something isn’t happening for you right now, it doesn’t mean it never will.
At any given moment you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Every struggle in your life has shaped you into the person you are today. Be thankful for the hard times; they can only make you stronger.
Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring.
Let your faith be bigger than your fears.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Don’t let your struggles become your identity.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Just keep swimming.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Sometimes you don’t realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
Hardship often prepares an ordinary person for an extraordinary destiny.
When you’re feeling your worst, that’s when you get to know yourself the best.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Defeat is simply a signal to press onward.
See a dear friend in your position. What would you say to encourage them?
Challenges are inevitable. Getting back up however, is a choice.
Are you really going to let this defeat you? After all the work, sweat, and tears you have put into this, you are going to give up now?
You’re not alone. Many have gone before you. Many will go after you. The important thing to keep in mind is that you need to keep on going.
You may think you know your limits but you don’t. You’re capable of far more than you realize.
Root for yourself even if you’re the only one. Even if no one believes in you, you have to at least believe in yourself.
No matter what, today will come to an end and tomorrow will arrive, leaving you one less day to live. You can either sit there and waste another day feeling sorry for yourself or you can get up and do something about it.
You’re more than your past failures and mistakes. You’re more than what you’ve been demonstrating up to this point in your life. Don’t let your screw ups define you. Instead, let your potential guide you toward becoming the person you want to be.
Things could be worse, much worse. Consider yourself lucky that things aren’t worse than they are.
If you’re still breathing, it’s not the end and as long as it’s not yet the end, make the remainder of your life worth living.
Sometimes, not achieving your current goal is exactly what needed to happen in order for you to step up your game and experience greatness.
If you’re going through the pain of a break up, realize that the odds of that person being your perfect match is incredibly low. In other words, there’s a very good chance that you will find someone much better.
We tend to learn the most when things don’t go as we had hoped. If anything, past failures can make you better prepared to take advantage of greater opportunities.
Things will turn out okay not because it’s a guarantee that your situation will improve but because you have the strength to deal with anything life can throw at you and the power to turn things around if you choose to do so.
The ups and downs of life, it’s all part of the life experience package. Without the downs, the ups won’t feel as good. Without the absence of the sun during a storm, you won’t appreciate the warmth of its light when it eventually reappears.
You’ve got one life to live; one life to experience all that life has to offer. Embrace it while you still can.
Sometimes, it helps to take a step back and look at the grand scheme of things. Perhaps then you’ll realize just how silly it would be to spend another minute worrying and stressing about things you won’t even care about or remember a year from now.
Life can be tough and even unfair at times. I don’t really have an answer as to why certain things happen but I do know that these are usually the moments in life where the potential for personal growth is the greatest. Diamonds are created under intense pressure. Muscles are built by overcoming tremendous resistance. You could either let these moments in life break you or use them to become a mentally stronger person.
How far you can go in life is yet to be seen. Don’t let other people’s limited beliefs about what’s possible diminish your potential.
Losing someone dear to you can be one of the toughest things to go through but you’ll get through it when enough time has passed. Keep in mind that they wouldn’t want you to stop embracing your life because of their passing. If anything, they’d rather you take this as a sign to live life to the fullest if you haven’t been doing so already.
Through our failures and setbacks, we can become wiser and more mentally prepared to deal with future obstacles. The problem is, we usually don’t realize the value of the experience until later on since we can be too emotionally involved. If you’re struggling through something right now, chances are, it won’t be for no reason. You’ll eventually find some sort of benefit from this experience even if it may not be obvious at the moment.
When you think about just how short a human life is compared to time itself, you’ll realize how insignificant our problems are in the whole grand scheme of things. No matter what you’re going through, it’s all temporary. Work on letting go of all the unnecessary stress you’re carrying around in order to have more time and mental energy to enjoy life.
When life gets you down and no one is there to help lift you back up, you can either continue waiting for someone to come along to help you, stay down, or decide that you’re strong enough to lift yourself back up.
If you feel like your life sucks, it’s a sign that something needs to change. If you don’t like where you are in life, do something about it. Improve yourself, daily. Sitting there and feeling sorry for yourself isn’t going to change anything. Plenty of people have turned their entire life around just by deciding to do so. Realize that you have the power to determine your own destiny. You can either waste it and live an unhappy life or use it to design and enjoy an incredible life.
Give yourself some time to heal, but not too much time. Misery can be addictive and no matter how comfortable it can make you feel at times, hanging on to it will only make things worse.
It doesn’t matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Courage, dear heart.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
It doesn’t matter how slow you go as long as you don’t stop.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Anything’s possible if you’ve got enough nerve.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
A bird doesn’t sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
And you ask ‘What if I fall?’ Oh but my darling, what if you fly?
Embrace uncertainty. Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won’t have a title until much later.
Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.
Everything you need to accomplish your goals is already in you.
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder, not imagine, not obsess. Just breathe and have faith that everything will work out for the best.
Be gentle with yourself. You’re doing the best you can!
When you feel like you’re drowning in life, don’t worry – your Lifeguard walks on water.
I’m so proud of you. I just wanted to tell you in case no one has.
Never let a bad situation bring out the worst in you. Choose to stay positive and be the strong person that God created you to be!
You’re not going to master the rest of your life in one day. Just relax. Master the day. Then just keep doing that every day.
Sometimes when you are in a dark place you think you have been buried, but actually you have been planted.
It doesn’t matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Don’t be afraid, for I am with you. Don’t be discouraged for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you. I will hold you up with my victorious right hand.
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced, all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome.
There’s something in you that the world needs.
In case you forgot to remind yourself this morning: Your butt is perfect. Your smile lights up the room. Your mind is insanely cool. You are way more than enough. And you are doing an amazing job at life.
Sometimes it takes an overwhelming breakdown to have an undeniable breakthrough.
I know it has been tough but I still cheering for you.
A little progress everyday adds up to big results.
You are stronger than you know. More capable than you ever dreamed. And you are loved more than you could possibly imagine.
Beautiful girl you were made to do hard things. So believe in yourself.
You’re allowed to scream, you’re allowed to cry but do not give up.
You are gold, baby. Solid gold.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
You are amazing, you are brave, you are strong.
You are capable of amazing things.
Soon, when all is well, you’re going to look back on this period of your life and be so glad that you never gave up.
You have been assigned this mountain to show others it can be moved.
You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right.
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go. Just remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced, all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome.
Believe in yourself and you’ll be unstoppable.
The Lord will fight for you. You need only to be still.
Be a pineapple stand tall wear a crown and be sweet on the inside.
Look for something positive in each day even if some days you have to look a little harder.
Strive not to be a success but rather to be of value.
Stop beating yourself up you are a work in progress, which means you get there a little at a time, not all at once.
Train yourself to find the blessing in everything.
Someday everything will make perfect sense. So for now laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.
Take a deep breath, it’s just a bad day not a bad life.
Hey, little fighter, soon things will be brighter.
You only fail when you stop trying.
Wake up. Kick ass. Repeat.
Just be yourself. Let people see the real, imperfect, flawed, quirky, weird, beautiful, magical person you are.
I’ve never met a strong person with an easy past.
I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for extraordinary destiny.
God changes caterpillars into butterflies, sand into pearls and coal into diamonds using time and pressure. He’s working on you too.
God knew your life would come to this and he has a plan for you.
There’s a reason for everything. This one may look like a setback. It doesn’t mean you’re failing but that God is growing you in a new way.
God is not punishing you, he is preparing you. Trust his plans not your pain.
The best revenge is massive success.
It is time for us all to stand and cheer for the doer, the achiever – the one who recognizes the challenges and does something about it.
Best Encouraging Quotes And Inspiring Words of Encouragement
Don’t think, just do.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
Do you want to know who you are? Don’t ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are.
Never complain and never explain.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality in the mind next to honor.
True happiness involves the full use of one’s power and talents.
Even if you fall on your face, you’re still moving forward.
Press on – nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.
Often we women are risk averse. I needed the push. Now, more than ever, young women need more seasoned women to provide that encouragement, to take a risk, to go for it. Once a glass ceiling is broken, it stays broken.
When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don’t just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won’t happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you’ll love it up here.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally; I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Never, never, never give up.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have got it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known.
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.
Somehow I can’t believe that there are any heights that can’t be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence. When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
It doesn’t matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
Hold on to what is good, even if it’s a handful of earth.
He who refuses to embrace a unique opportunity loses the prize as surely as if he had failed.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed – there’s so little competition.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
If you don’t pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure.
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
You are never to old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
Be impeccable with your word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.
Always say ‘yes' to the present moment. What could be more futile, more insane, than to create inner resistance to what already is? what could be more insane than to oppose life itself, which is now and always now? Surrender to what is. Say ‘yes' to life — and see how life suddenly starts working for you rather than against you.
Perhaps everything terrible is in its being something that needs our love.
Hold on to what is good, even if it's a handful of earth.
Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than suffering itself. And no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dream.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future . . . but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts an keep friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.
What you thought before has led to every choice you have made, and this adds up to you at this moment. If you want to change who you are physically, mentally, and spiritually, you will have to change what you think.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands — your own.
Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground. There’s no greater investment.
Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. ~Albert Einstein
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents — start charging for it.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
When I dare to be powerful – to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars.
It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed.
Most great people have attained their greatest success one step beyond their greatest failure.
Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning how to dance in the rain.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never failing, but in rising every time we fail.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, I will try again tomorrow.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.
After every storm the sun will smile; for every problem, there is a solution, and the soul’s indefeasible duty is to be of good cheer.
Every adversity, every failure, and every heartache carries with it the seed of an equivalent or a greater benefit.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality in the mind next to honor
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
The difference between stumbling blocks and stepping stones is how you use them.
I learned there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead, others come from behind. But I’ve bought a big bat. I’m all ready, you see. Now my troubles are going to have trouble with me.
Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine.
Man is fond of counting his troubles but he does not count his joys. If he counted them up, as he ought to, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it.
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity.
It doesn’t matter how slow you go, as long as you don’t stop.
He knows not his own strength who hath not met adversity.
In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you.You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call ‘failure’ is not the falling down, but the staying down.
To succeed, you have to do something and be very bad at it for a while. You have to look bad before you can look really good.
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: you haven’t.
When things are bad, we take comfort in the thought that they could always get worse. And when they are, we find hope in the thought that things are so bad they have to get better.
Press on – nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent.
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life. It goes on.
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
In times of great stress or adversity, it’s always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
Prosperity is not without many fears and disasters; and adversity is not without comforts and hopes.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Pain is your friend; it is your ally. Pain reminds you to finish the job and get the hell home. Pain tells you when you have been seriously wounded. And you know what the best thing about pain is? It tells you you’re not dead yet!
Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity is a greater. Possession pampers the mind; privation trains and strengthens it.
Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Sometimes our light goes out but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. ‘Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
If you don’t like something change it; if you can’t change it, change the way you think about it.
It is time for us all to stand and cheer for the doer, the achiever – the one who recognizes the challenges and does something about it.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, smarter than you think and twice as beautiful as you’ve ever imagined.
Right in the difficult we must have our joys, our happiness, our dreams: they are against the depth of this background, they stand out, there for the first time we see how beautiful they are.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
Use what you’ve been through as fuel, believe in yourself and be unstoppable!
The trick is to enjoy life. Don’t wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
If it’s not exactly like you thought it would be, you think it’s a failure. What about the spectrum of colors in between.
The best way to get rid of the pain is to feel the pain. And when you feel the pain and go beyond it, you’ll see there’s a very intense love that is wanting to awaken itself.
When written in Chinese the word “crisis” is composed of two characters – one represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
There is no education like adversity.
Just as despair can come to one only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.
Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping-stones to success.
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.
If only we’d stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Defeat may serve as well as victory to shake the soul and let the glory out.
We tend to forget that happiness doesn’t come as a result of getting something we don’t have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have.
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests.
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible.
Have great hopes and dare to go all out for them. Have great dreams and dare to live them. Have tremendous expectations and believe in them.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have got it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known.
Just think how happy you would be if you lost everything you have right now, and then got it back again.
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
Often we women are risk averse. I needed the push. Now, more than ever, young women need more seasoned women to provide that encouragement, to take a risk, to go for it. Once a glass ceiling is broken, it stays broken.
The difference between stumbling blocks and stepping stones is how you use them.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Life has its pains and evils—its bitter disappointments; but like a good novel and in healthful length of days, there is infinite joy in the world, the most interesting of continued stories, unfold…
God brings men into deep waters, not to drown them, but to cleanse them.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
It’s the gymnasium of life where you get the workout, the resistance, and you find out things about yourself that you didn’t know.
To have darkness behind me, in front of me a bright sky, flickering lights on the water and to feel it on the stony face of the southern sun.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don’t just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won’t happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you’ll love it up here.
We can be unhappy about many things, but joy can still be there. It is important to become aware at every moment of our life we have an opportunity to choose joy. It is in the choice that our true freedom lies, and that freedom is, in the final analysis, the freedom to love.
We should always pray for help, but we should always listen for inspiration and impression to proceed in ways different from those we may have thought of.
Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally; I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.
It doesn’t matter how many say it cannot be done or how many people have tried it before; it’s important to realize that whatever you’re doing, it’s your first attempt at it.
If you could only sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to the people you may never even dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person.
Most of us, swimming against the tides of trouble the world knows nothing about, need only a bit of praise or encouragement – and we will make the goal.
Our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet events of life than on the nature of those events themselves.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
When you awaken love and laughter in your life, your mind let’s go of fear and anxiety, and you’ll happy spirit becomes the healing balm that transforms every aspect of your human experience.
God uses suffering as a whetstone, to make men sharp with.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call ‘failure’ is not the falling down, but the staying down.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Sometimes when you are in a dark place, you think you have been buried, but actually you have been planted.
Don’t wait for something big to occur. Start where you are, with what you have, and that will always lead you into something greater.
Life has two rules: #1 Never quit. #2 Always remember rule # 1.
The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them.
This too shall pass.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road… unless you fail to make the turn.
There are moments when troubles enter our lives and we can do nothing to avoid them. But they are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze.
Don’t be discouraged. It’s often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving.
I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
Take pride in how far you have come and have faith in how far you can go.
Soon, when all is well, you’re going to look back on this period of your life and be so glad that you never gave up.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
Sometimes you don’t realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you find yourself.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure.
Always say ‘yes’ to the present moment. What could be more futile, more insane, than to create inner resistance to what already is? What could be more insane than to oppose life itself, which is now and always now? Surrender to what is. Say ‘yes’ to life – and see how life suddenly starts working for you rather than against you.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did. So throw off the bowlines, sail away from the safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Let your hope make you glad. Be patient in time of trouble and never stop praying.
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can’t, I give myself reasons why I can.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
At any given moment you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Every struggle in your life has shaped you into the person you are today. Be thankful for the hard times; they can only make you stronger.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
Tragedies do happen. We can discover the reason, blame others, imagine how different our lives would be had they not occurred. But none of that is important: they did occur, and so be it. From there onward we must put aside the fear that they awoke in us and begin to rebuild.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
You were given this life, because you are strong enough to live it.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.